Switch to using reference/secondary for insar_isce_burst_job (#291)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [7.1.1]

### Changed

> * The `insar_isce_burst_job` so that it takes a `reference` and `secondary` scene as input, not `granule1` and `granule2`. Backward compatibility in `submit_insar_isce_burst_job` is maintained for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `insar_isce_burst_job` so that it takes a `reference` and `secondary` scene as input, rather than `granule1` and `granule2`. Backward compatibility in `submit_insar_isce_burst_job` is maintained for now, but it will be broken in the future.
```

I think its worth being direct that backward compatibility will be broken in the future.
